Add an example of using Vue in the backend (#102)
wintercms/docs: console-asset-compilation.md

Your theme will now be ready for Tailwind CSS development.

<a name="examples-vue"></a>
### Vue in a backend controller

If you want to use Vue 3 in your plugin for backend controllers, you can follow these steps.

First, define Vue as a dependency in your plugin's `package.json`:

```
    "dependencies": {
        "vue": "^3.2.41"
    }
```

Then, add a `winter.mix.js` configuration file to your plugin directory:

```js

> const mix = require('laravel-mix');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const mix = require('laravel-mix');
mix.setPublicPath(__dirname);
```

mix
    // compile javascript assets for plugin
    .js('assets/src/js/app.js', 'assets/js').vue({ version: 3 })
```

Next you can create your Vue source files in your plugin's assets/src/js/ directory:

```js
// assets/src/js/app.js

import { createApp } from 'vue'
import Welcome from './components/Welcome'

> const app = createApp({})
> 
> app.component('welcome', Welcome)
> 
> app.mount('#app')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const myPlugin = createApp({})

myPlugin.component('welcome', Welcome)

myPlugin.mount('[data-vue-app="myPlugin"]')
```

        "vue": "^3.2.41"
    }
```

Then, add a `winter.mix.js` configuration file to your plugin directory:

```js
const mix = require('laravel-mix');
mix.setPublicPath(__dirname);
mix
    // compile javascript assets for plugin
    .js('assets/src/js/myplugin.js', 'assets/dist/js').vue({ version: 3 })
```

Next you can create your Vue source files in your plugin's assets/src/js/ directory:

```js
// assets/src/js/myplugin.js

import { createApp } from 'vue'
import Welcome from './components/Welcome'

const myPlugin = createApp({})

myPlugin.component('welcome', Welcome)

myPlugin.mount('[data-vue-app="myPlugin"]')
```

```js
// assets/src/js/components/Welcome.vue

<template>
    <h1>{{ title }}</h1>
</template>
<script>
export default {
    setup: () => ({
        title: 'Vue 3 in Laravel'
    })
}
</script>
```
Then install the NodeJS packages needed for your plugin in your plugin directory with the command `php artisan mix:install -p <my plugin>`.

Now if you comple your assets in the project root with `mix:compile` then mix will create the file in your plugin under `assets/dist/js/app.js` which includes Vue and all other packages that you use in your components.

> Next in the your controller's template file (eg. controllers/myvuecontroller/index.php) you can inclue this generated app.js, and render the content in the div#app:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next in the your controller's template file (eg. controllers/myvuecontroller/index.php) you can include the generated `myplugin.js` file, and render the content in the div with the `data-vue-app="myPlugin"` attribute:
```

```

> <div id="app">
>   <welcome/>
> </div>
> 
> <script src="/plugins/foo/bar/assets/dist/js/app.js"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div data-vue-app="myPlugin">
  <welcome/>
</div>

<script src="/plugins/foo/bar/assets/dist/js/myplugin.js"></script>
```
